## Concerns
- Order of `params_mapping` matters if the user wants to rename a field that has already given in a previous usecase
- no objects are allowed in the prompt templates, so if we want a list of document objects that contain doc id and content, we should create two template input variables: doc_ids, doc_contents which match one by one to each document
- when creating a TextCompletionClient, we cannot know if the usecase is compatible with the client at hand during build time. Instead, it will break during run time, so when we configure a usecase we should already know which types of text completion clients are supported (e.g. prompt_with_logits etc)
- the LLMConfig passed to the TextCompletionClient contains any kind of template that might be needed by any client. That results in having many optional fields like prompt_template, or bot_conversation. Each client should handle how it will use these fields and when it will raise an error. This error though will be triggered at runtime.

- The PromptParams contains arbitrary keys in the dictionary. In the general case of pass-through services, this is not such a problem since those keys are configured only in the usecase_configs and they do not appear in the code at all. When creating custom text completion services though, such as title_per_document, we might need to access specific keys from the PromptParams. The name of those are taken from the input variables of the usecase_config, but the connection is hidden. If somebody changes the field in the config or in the service, this will cause a bug. Can we prevent this? 
Could we define inherit from PromptParams and create a type custom-made for our service, where we can define the exact expected key? Could Protocols be used in this case?